navigation
How's the offshore power project going?
Don't worry, little master.
I'm going directly to cooperate and it'll be done in minutes
OK
What about the heart of the ocean?
Already on its way.
Oops, it's stable now
Su Yizawa
What's the use of you being rich and powerful?
I'm going to steal your favorite woman in front of you
Sushang Yan's Group has contacted us for the third time
We want cooperation in offshore power generation.
Come on, the future is all family
Of course, the money-making project was done together.
Yechen Kyushu Business Alliance is all mine
I won't let anyone give you the cooperation of offshore power generation.
Who will give it to you?
Just because you still want to fight me
By the way, Mr. Su
I did this in many ways.
The Heart of the Ocean has been found
And buy it at a high price
It's already on its way.
It will arrive in a while
OK. Mmm.
Su Shao
Su Shao's physique is so strong, I want to try it
something to say